[chuckles]
I'm afraid it got a little
scorched.
Don't worry, it's fine.
I kinda like it when it's a
little on the charred side.
Do you want some of this?
Uh? Mhm.
[inhales] I'm out of here!
You're not putting on your
headband?
[chuckle] I don't want anybody
to see me wearing something
that uncool.
[sighs]
Back in our day, we couldn't
wait to wear our headbands,
nothing made us happier.
Times have changed.
[giggle]
I don't think that's what's
happening here.
[giggle]
Lord Seventh. Sorry but it's
time.
I guess relaxing is just out
of the question these days.
You said you wanted to see him
off today...
so I went ahead and shuffled
your schedule around to make
that possible.
[chuckles] And I'm grateful you
did.
You also have seven meetings and
you committed to observing a
training session.
Prepare yourself!
Guess I have no choice.
Okay Hinata. See you later
then.
Morning!
Hey, Denki! Your new outfit
looks great! It really suits
you!
[chuckle] You think?
Hey Sarada, so which team do you
think the two of us are gonna
be on?
I don't know, Cho‐Cho. At this
point we can't even be sure
we'll wind up on the same one.
We're so amazingly in tune with
each other.
There's no way in the world
we'll ever be separated!
[chuckle]
Besides, what would happen to
your legendary...
Now that sounds interesting!
If that's the case, we should
team up Shikadai!
Listen, the Sensei get to
decide who teams up together.
Anyway, I'd hate to be on a team
with someone like you who leaves
everything to chance...
and always acts without a plan
for success. Eh.
Haven't you ever heard of the
phrase "playing it by ear"
before? [grunts]
You're too close. You're
spitting on me.
We get no choice. Just is what
it is. We just have to be
ready for it.
Sensei is here!
Uh, we've been waiting for
you!
Whoa!
[horrified]
[gasps]
I personally taught each of
these new recruits myself.
And I am confident that they are
ready to be sent off into the
world now.
[students talking]
Huh? [grunts]
Ugh! That was gross!
The whole thing was your
fault, you know.
(Boruto) I couldn't help it. I
got pushed!
(Sarada) Save your excuses!
(Boruto) What do you mean by
that? You're the one who's
face...
Attention, everyone!
Although all of you here may
have just graduated, that alone
only crosses off one checkmark.
He says that now but he cried
more than anybody else at that
ceremony.
I know, right?
What was that?
Eh, nothing at all, Sensei!
Your training days are not yet
over.
And don't think my watchful
eyes will stop following you
once they are.
(Students) Yes, sir!
One more thing before I
announce the teams.
Sumire, what is a three‐man
squad?
Huh? Oh, uh.
It's a team comprised of three
shinobi brought together to
complete missions.
You got half of the answer
correct!
A three‐man squad is a
team responsible for each
other's lives.
Why's that? Because that defines
a team.
Teamwork makes the
difference between life and
death.
(Shino) From this moment as
ninja...
you will form relationships that
will accompany you for the rest
of your life. Never forget that.
All right. When I call your
name, you will go quietly to
the other room.
Denki Kaminarimon!
Sir!
(Shino) Metal Lee!
Yes!
(Shino) Iwabe Yuino!
Sir!
(Shino) You three will comprise
Team 5!
We did it!
We're a team!
(Shino) Wasabi Izuno.
Yes, sir!
(Shino) Sumire Kakei.
(Shino) Namida Suzumeno.
Yes, sir!
The three of you will comprise
Team 15!
[crying]
We are in big trouble if you're
gonna cry that hard every time
something happens to us.
(Shino) Houki Taketori.
Yes, sir!
(Shino) Hako Kuroi.
Uh‐huh.
(Shino) Renga Kokubo.
Yes, sir!
(Shino) You three will comprise
Team 25!
So this is it, guys.
Just don't hold me back.
(Shino) Enko Onikuma.
Yes, sir!
(Shino) Doushu Goetsu!
(Shino) Tsuru Itoi.
Yes, sir!
(Shino) You are Team 40!
Hm!
The only ones left to place
now are the six of us.
Well, as the saying goes the
last one to get picked always
gets the worm.
Literally, no one says that.
Isn't this exciting, Boruto?
Uh. I guess so.
Let us continue on.
I knew it. It's Cho‐Shika‐Ino
again.
It's Ino‐Shika‐Cho. And I'm
already tired of correcting
you all the time!
It's gonna be a drag to be on
the same team as our dads
were.
We come to the last team.
Only you students are left so
you will have to be on the same
squad.
[disappointed sigh]
From now on your official
designation is, Team number 3.
Really? We're not going to
be Team 7?
And I will lead your team! Get
ready to work!
You're gonna lead us, Big Bro
Konohamaru?!
Would you just call me
"Sensei" already?!
Um, Sensei? Huh!
What's the big idea there,
Sarada?
(Sarada) We're supposed to put
our hands in the lives of our
other team mates.
Isn't that right?
If that's supposed to be the
case, compatibility and
balance are crucial.
Just like without balance a
shuriken will never fly
straight.
(Sarada) Balance is what makes a
shuriken fly straight and fly
true.
I can acknowledge that Boruto
has skills, but our
compatibility is another matter.
Ah, come on. It's more fun when
you don't know where you're
gonna end up, don't ya think?
If you can't understand the
beauty in that, Sarada...
then I sure don't wanna be on
the same team as you!
[gasp]
So basically, what you want is
to be on a team where it's easy
for everyone to get along.
Is that it?
I officially request a
transfer to another team!
Sarada. Don't be so hasty.
I am not being hasty at all!
The fact is, I plan to become
the Hokage!
I can't waste any time taking
silly detours.
[sigh]
If you're really that adamant,
then both of you come with me!
(Boruto) A "direct appeal?" What
exactly is that?
It's this. Here.
So we just have to give that
scroll to Lord Seventh...
and he'll reappraise the team's
compatibility?
Think of it fundamentally as a
relief measure.
You just take it and hand it
directly to Lord Seventh.
Great! Thank you for all of your
help!
[gasps] Hey, Sarada! Don't try
to beat me there!
So, it's happened again this
year.
Yep!
Wait up, Sarada!
I already told you I'll submit
it by myself!
Ahh!
Who does she think she is?!
There have always been genin
unhappy with their team...
complaining about their
grouping.
Still, the number of changes
made as a result of a direct
appeal have been...
That number would be zero.
You think I'll just let you do
what you want?!
You better stay out of my way!
[stunned] What the heck? Look
at your eyes! Is that the
Sharingan for real?
That is none of your business!
Man! You gotta let me see it,
c'mon!
Just showing me won't wear it
out or anything, will it?
Ugh! You are so annoying!
[grunting]
(Boruto) Shadow Paralysis?!
I wondered who was making all
that noise. And here you are.
We're here because we have a
request for Lord Seventh.
We don't want to be together
on the same team!
Ah, what a drag, not this
again.
Unfortunately, Lord Seventh is
out. Sorry.
[grunts] We have to appeal
directly to him, please tell
us where he is!
He's on official business. I
can't tell you where, so give
up.
[grunts]
[chuckles] On the other hand,
do your best.
"Can't disclose his
location?" Why not?
Who knows? But stuff like this
happens and when it does I don't
get to see my dad for a while.
So, you go through this a lot,
huh?
Hey, let's call a truce for
now so we can focus on finding
my dad. All right?
But how are we supposed to
find him? Do you have any
ideas where he could be?
I couldn't begin to guess.
(Mitsuki) Boruto! Sarada!
Huh?
Perhaps this might help you
find him?
It's a copy of Lord Hokage's
schedule for today.
Wow. Where'd you get that,
Mitsuki?
I was able to sneak a quick look
at his schedule while you two
were arguing on the rooftop.
Impressive work, Mitsuki!
All right it's time to give me
all you got!
Try to stop me now!
[grunts]
Ah!
[grunting]
It'll take a lot more to
protect the village than that!
Okay. Give it another
try.
Welcome back.
How did it go?
Notify the Hokage's escort.
They're headed that way.
It seems we're getting a
direct appeal this year, too.
Right.
I can't recall. Who was the
escort captain for today
again?
[chuckles]
Well, it looks like Boruto and
his friends drew a really bad
opponent. [chuckles]
They may be newbies, but we
were specifically told not to
go easy on them.
Here we go again. Time really
flies.
Captain Mirai, ma'am. What're
your orders?
Break them in! Let's just
torment them a little bit!
[panting] I can see
the bridge now!
All right! He's gotta be
close!
(Mirai) Get back!
[gasps]
Unauthorized persons are not
allowed beyond this point.
Oh hey, it's just you, Big Sis
Mirai.
We came all the way out here
because we need to see my dad
right away.
And we have to meet with Lord
Seventh in person...
so we can present this direct
appeal to him.
My orders are to admit
absolutely no one through.
If that's how it is then we'll
have to get past her by force.
Yeah, but she's a chunin.
She'll beat us in a
straight‐forward attack.
I believe Sarada is correct.
Then what do you suggest we
do?
Our only chance is to make the
most of each of our areas of
expertise...
and fight as best as
we can.
Our areas of expertise?
Yeah, you and Mitsuki use every
skill you've got to distract
her.
While you're doing that, I'll
use my Sharingan to find out
what her weakness is...
and then we can try to exploit
it.
Understood.
Well, Boruto?
Are you in on the plan or not?
Yeah, fine, whatever. Let's do
this
They just don't learn.
Hmm.
[grunting] Ahh!
Boruto! Hmph.
[grunts]
[grunting]
Wow! Didn't know you had that
up your sleeve!
It's not fair You'd already
laid a trap!
Attacking without even
checking first.
Tell me how in the world did
you became genin?
Mitsuki! Just hang in there!
Go! I'm fine!
Lesson in pain. Coming right
up!
[grunting]
Shadow Clone...
Boruto, get out of the way!
Huh?!
Too slow!
[grunts]
[gasps]
Well, I didn't know your eyes
had awakened!
[grunts]
What is this thing?! [yells]
[grunting]
[yells]
Even though you may possess the
Sharingan, it seems you're still
no match for me at your level!
Sarada!
[grunting]
Uh!
Sarada, come on, don't let her
trick you!
What happened? Did I?
Damn it!
[gasps]
Sarada! One more time!
Don't tell me what to do!
[grunting]
I'm trying, I'm trying.
It's not working. This isn't
good.
[grunting]
Now do I have your attention?
I'm telling you for the last
time to stop and go home.
[panting]
It's no good. I can't find any
weaknesses.
I can't believe this.
Stop feeling sorry for
yourself!
I don't have an answer. I've
analyzed the situation and
don't see a solution.
Then just quit trying to
analyze your way out of this.
Didn't you say you were going
to make a direct appeal, no
matter what happened?!
Why do you always have to give
me grief about every single
thing I do?
Seriously? That's usually my
line!
Looks like you're fighting a
losing battle here.
[gasps] Konohamaru Sensei?
Konohamaru? So this is your
team, huh?!
Couldn't you just go a
little easier on them, Mirai?
Do you know her? Who is she?
She's the grandchild of the
Third Hokage, and she's also an
expert bodyguard.
And on top of all of that, she
happens to be my cousin!
But anyway, she's not an
opponent for inexperienced
genin to cut their teeth on.
I hope that's not the best your
team can do. Or you're gonna get
seriously hurt in every mission.
I'm actually doing them a
nice, big favor. Now they'll
know where they stand.
I hate to admit it, but she
just might be right about us.
You're willing to give in that
easily?
Mitsuki, what're you thinking
about all this?
They are too concerned with
fighting effectively.
They don't realize they're
canceling out each other's
strengths.
Hm. He's exactly right.
Canceling each other's
strengths?
Boruto, you're too concerned
about Sarada's moves. It's made
you lose your usual spontaneity.
(Mitsuki) Sarada, you usually
balance your use of shuriken and
taijutsu well.
But I think you're relying too
much on the Sharingan.
We're naturally such opposites
to begin with.
Maybe the problem is we tried to
get in synch too fast without
thinking it through.
So, what you're saying is, we
should just play this battle
by ear?
Hey Mitsuki! Can you hold up
the bridge just a little
longer?!
Mhm. But you might want to
hurry.
I'm beginning to lose my
footing.
Well, whatever happens, let's
just make sure we give it all
we've got, okay?
Hmph!
They're still not giving up?
They may be losing, but I like
their fighting spirit.
Shadow Clone Jutsu!
[grunting]
That wasn't bad.
[grunts]
Hm?
I'll admit you have nice aim.
But it's not good enough yet!
[gasps]
[grunting]
Hmph.
[grunts]
[gasps]
Haa!
Boruto! Keep at it!
Really?!
Huh? Hm!
[grunts]
[grunts] Ahh!
[grunting]
Sarada! Boruto! That was a
brilliant way to play it by
ear.
Keeping your clones hidden until
the very end of the battle.
That's what sealed the victory!
Hmph.
You knew exactly how difficult
it would be for us to submit a
direct appeal...
and yet you still let us try it.
That was actually really mean
of you. Damn it, Konohamaru
Sensei!
[laughs] It's easy to team up
with the people you get along
with.
However, true character is
formed by overcoming
confrontation and hardship.
That's makes you worthy of being
a genin.
Confrontation and hardship
just create detours.
Years ago, Lord Seventh had a
saying.
He would tell us, "There are no
shortcuts to becoming the
Hokage!" So what now?
[sigh]
It's your move. Do you still
want to submit that?
Are you seriously that against
teaming up with me, Sarada?
'Cause I'd be more than happy
to be on your team!
What an interesting way to put
it.
The minute you become a burden
to us, this team is disbanded!
Hmm.
Well then, I guess you've made
up your mind. The direct
appeal is unnecessary.
Not quite. I'm still going.
I'd like to make a request to
Lord Seventh!
Huh?
[panting]
We don't know exactly when,
but the Hidden Leaf may be
attacked again.
You'll need to focus. To
protect the village with all
you've got!
(Sarada) Lord Seventh!
How are you here? This area
should be off‐limits!
What happened to Mirai?!
We came to give you a direct
appeal.
What?! No way! Are you here
because you want to change
teams?
(Sarada) No!
Well, what is it then?
I only ask that you please
give us the number 7 for our
team!
I don't really care what number
we wind up with.
But I guess it's true that one
could be pretty fun.
I agree and second their
request!
We'll inherit Team 7's name,
and then we'll out shine them!
[chuckles] All right, then this
is officially the birth of the
new Team 7!
Yes, sir!
You were all such a handful.
But I'm confident you'll be able
to overcome every struggle you
will eventually face.
You were my students and I'll
always believe in you.
Hey! When is someone gonna
come back here and let me
down?!
(Orochimaru) I am Orochimaru,
and I am your parent.
(Mitsuki) You're my parent?
(Orochimaru) Which is the reason
that you're very special to
me...
and why it's important we
retrieve your memory.
(Mitsuki) How are we going to do
that?
(Orochimaru) Since you are just
a child, you should listen
obediently to me.
(Mitsuki) Next time on Boruto
Naruto Next Generations: The
Path Lit by the Full Moon.
Who am I? That is all I wanna
know.